feat: add support for datadog tag propagation (#3625)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: docs/configuration.rst

       .. _dd-trace-writer-max-payload-size-bytes:
   * - ``DD_TRACE_WRITER_MAX_PAYLOAD_SIZE_BYTES``

>      - Int

Reviewer: ?

       Example: ``DD_TRACE_PROPAGATION_STYLE_INJECT="datadog,b3"`` to inject both ``x-datadog-*`` and ``x-b3-*``
       headers into outbound requests.

       .. _dd-trace-x-datadog-tags-max-length:
   * - ``DD_TRACE_X_DATADOG_TAGS_MAX_LENGTH``
     - Integer

>      - 128

Reviewer 2: Should the default here be **512** instead of **128** (See comment in `config.py`)?

>      - If the value is 0, Datadog trace tags propagation is disabled.

Reviewer 2: It might be useful to specify in this configuration table that only _positive_ integers can be used, since an error gets thrown if someone uses a negative number in `config.py`. 

Side question: is there a case where someone may want to increase the default?

>      - Maximum length (non-negative) of ``x-datadog-tags`` by Datadog propagation style. If 0, propagation of ``x-datadog-tags`` is disabled.

Author: The max value is in the table already

>      - The maximum length (non-negative) of ``x-datadog-tags`` header allowed in the Datadog propagation style. If 0, propagation of ``x-datadog-tags`` is disabled.

Reviewer 2: [optional suggestion to make it clear what values can be set]
```git suggest

     - The maximum length (non-negative) of ``x-datadog-tags`` header allowed in the Datadog propagation style. Must be a value between 0 to 512. If 0, propagation of ``x-datadog-tags`` is disabled.
```

>      - The maximum length (non-negative) of ``x-datadog-tags`` header allowed in the Datadog propagation style. If 0, propagation of ``x-datadog-tags`` is disabled.

Author: ```suggestion
     - The maximum length of ``x-datadog-tags`` header allowed in the Datadog propagation style. Must be a value between 0 to 512. If 0, propagation of ``x-datadog-tags`` is disabled.
```
